how
Fortunately, the empress is in good health
Just skin trauma
Also a little scared
Smear meds
Take a rest!
It will heal in half a month.
What takes half a month?
Teacher lie down
Lao Chen went to get the medicine
Go ahead, please.
Liars to each other
Who is with you?
I didn't lie to you.
Don't move
You are obviously the emperor
I'm not short of that money
Why did you take my money and not pay it back?
A mere 3,000 taels
You've been in a hurry for so long
Don't forget that it was the solicitation money you gave me
Don't fool me
I'm not really into you.
If the concubine thinks so, she must be the teacher
Why don't you try it tonight?
Ahhh, I'm a merchant.
Don't mess around
His Royal Highness the Emperor Qi bestowed it outside the palace